hey dj the loud speaker is the
alexandre tibério em da director goes to
Cup is coming
I leave everything to each one will win neither
if the billiard talent is better than
community wants to show his football gives
attention in the smallest to break here in the
field he does he throws trash he went to
first new account in google all good
invited the gift of singing him since he
kicks him from belém miró with a goal
everybody doubted the second song then
in that head he left to play the ball in
direction to life to celebrate leaves
lets lets rain fails to arrive
neighbor to proex so happened then
stop throwing the ball towards the
bite for a love leaves to let leaves
The rain comes to arrive at the
attacks
no, no
Everything the cop is coming up leaves tumultuous.
each one will win the talent
small community animal wants to
show your football
we are better than anyone else then you can
ask every boy who plays ball to dream
and be the motto it plays garbage it easy to get
see firsthand the buggy of the goal
Everybody singing him, he's already an animal and a step.
that be mirella seek or goal everyone
then leave it to throw the ball in
towards this kid memory mortuary
let the rate go up
get to the vineyard
Then let the person throw the
ball towards goal putumayo life goal
amorim let the leaves leave him kicks
arrives in production
Lucas does not like it then.